Shikumika (Systemize) 
•	Try to improve the way of working so that things will take less time and easy to do.
•	To create a new system of Device management and kept track of it.
•	To collect all the problems faced by team members while PT, ST uploading and co-operating between other teams, collect and arrange the solutions so that the work-flow will be smooth and will consume less time.
•	To make manuals of processing which will be easy to understand for current members as well as if somebody enters in the team.

	Created a Confluence page which will help PL and the team members to arrange all the project related information.
	Keeping track of devices taken or returned. Changed the stickers of devices as the old ones were misplaced or torn. 
	Created a group of entire MBL team consisting all teams (Cresco, Canon, Networld and 五月雨テーマ) which provides a platform for easy communication and information sharing.
The next stage will be to build a QnA platform where everyone can anonymously ask questions and answers will save time.
	Created a manual of work flow for basic activities required while developing an app
Example- A basic workflow from design document to ST up, FX App verification etc.
Team Building
①To have weekly meeting of knowledge sharing between team members through which everyone can learn new things and the knowledge can be used in next projects.
-> As everyone is working on different projects/subsystems, if we share knowledge among us then we can increase our knowledge scope.
②Note the processes and make manual which can be shared to new members, which will make their work easy and also help if somebody get stucked in between.
-> If new members enters in team, manuals will help to learn work-flow.
③Make the bonding between members strong so that work environment will be positive and hence will reduce the working cost. Example-Birthday Celebrations, Get-together Events etc.
-> If we increase the bonding between team members then it will show positive impact on work collaboration.

①	Created a 知恵袋 amongst the 五月雨テーマ for the purpose of knowledge sharing and arranged the data which I hope will be very helpful and time saver
②	  Noted all the process and made manuals of some which can be used as reference for new members as well as current ones.
③	Created a group on teams to make work environment friendly and where members can ask queries and share information.

スキル習得
①To improve Japanese and communicating independently.
•	To be able to communicate verbally 
•	To be able to write mails
•	Currently I'm preparing for JLPT N3 level which will increase my ability to understand Japanese used in everyday situations to a certain degree.
②To learn Swift upto intermediate level.
③To learn VBA and use it in day today work.
④To improve Objective C 
①I improved my Japanese 2x times in this term
	I ensure to maintain a smooth flow of communication between team members as well as the related teams such as プロ部、編成部、運用部etc 
	Now I can communicate independently (verbally and written) which saves cost of almost one person.
	In this term I appeared for JLPT N3 exam and I passed the exam with good score, special mention is I scored 100% marks in listening section which also proves my good understanding skills.
	While I am quite comfortable in terms of written communication, but there is certainly scope for improvement in my verbal communication skills.
② I learnt Swift and completed one online course and build a storyboard ‘Lucky Card’ game with very basic steps.
③ I learnt the use of VBA and utilized it in simple regular work like Adding/deleting multiple sheets in excel with button, send mail through excel etc
④ I did the IOS project successfully which uses Objective C by learning necessary concepts, still in learning process.
運用作業
②	To Solve assigned FAQ and issues without affecting the current ongoing work.
②To constantly keep track of changes made by Android/iPhone(Example-Policy changes, Certificate expiration etc.) and make necessary changes in advance to keep the working flow smooth. 

	As doing simultaneous projects at the same time, I can manage to solve arrived bugs while completing current project in given time.
	Worked on different project accommodating the changes given by Apple, Android or other third party applications used by Rakuten Bank.
開発計画
①To be able to complete the assigned project without any issue and in given assigned deadline independently(Android and iPhone).
②To learn different subsystem’s working flow:
•	Environment Building
•	Coding Flow
•	PT, ST 作業
•	EPMS作業
③ To be able to create/update project related documents independently(設計書、問題管理一覧表、課題管理表　etc.)
③	To be able to consult, negotiate, clearing doubts with corresponding member(internal team/vendors) independently.

	Completed all the assigned projects in time and without any kind of error. And learnt all the technologies required for the particular project. None of the released projects have bug in production.
	The most interesting and new thing I did was to work as PL and developer together for a project (Network Error), also it was challenging job as the requirement document was also being created in our team due to which there is frequent change in design document, coding and testing.
•	This project was good opportunity to learn the PL task and explore new field.
•	Plan the schedule or make necessary changes to meet the resources available.
•	To balance between two roles and make sure to complete them properly.
	Worked on 3 subsystems as Android, iPhone and SFES successfully with proper understanding from environment flow to PT/ST作業 and EPMS 作業. Couldn’t do the investigation properly in case of XFES, I will improve on it.
	I can and have done projects both independently as well as with team. 
•	While working in team I learnt the dependency and communication due to which the work was carried out smoothly. I worked with sense of ownership so that other team members’ task wasn’t disturbed because of me.
•	I also gained confidence to work independently by increasing the knowledge base. By managing time and all the task, completed the projects in time.
•	Worked with different PL and with different teams learning and coordinating with different workstyles.
	Learnt to handle the database and make necessary changes required for making test cases.
	Also worked on some special cases like how to roll back the project from ST phase if release get cancelled(合言葉) or what is the process to release the previously postponed project(secure RAT)
業務改善
①Automate the Device management system to reduce the manual work and time.
1.	Use suitable technology and learn it.
2.	Reduce the time and cost of members.
3.	Proper arrangement of collected information.
Created a Confluence page which will help PL and the team members to organize all the information and have following benefits-
	To make it easily accessible and noticeable if there are any changes in schedule or dates etc.
	 To make all the related documents(要件書、URL、案件フォルダ等) easily accessible which will save time in review meetings if we need to refer anything in between.
	To record all the investigation result so the history will be maintained why particularly the process had been opted
	To list the milestones in the project so that there will be proper time management.
	To note down all the problems faced in the process with the solutions, so that in next project we can avoid them or take reference from the solutions.

Created a 知恵袋 amongst the 五月雨テーマ which serves following purpose-
	As all members work on different projects and different streams, it provides the platform to share the information.
	All the information is arranged and makes it easy to access.
	It can be used in future to refer the solutions also the search time is reduced.

